Adding several entries in FAQ (#18)
computorg/computorg.github.io: _posts/2023-03-24-what-reproducibility.md

---
layout: post
title: What is expected exactly in terms of reproducibility?
date: 2023-04-24 00:00:00
tags: reproducibility
description: Discuss the different kinds of reproducibility at play in Computo, and what is expected from the authors.
---

Computo is not just about publishing a notebook and proving that it can be compiled with CI! This part of the process is what we call _"Editorial Reproducibility"_. _"Scientific"_ or _"numerical"_ reproducibility of the analyses is also mandatory, on top of classical peer-review evaluation. 

> We don't ask people reproducing their data... yet! We also don't ask for bit-wise reproducibility but at least statistical reproducibility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We don't ask people reproducing their data... yet! We also don't ask for "bit-wise computational" reproducibility (i.e. obtaining exactly the same results bit-by-bit) but rather a "statistical" reproducibility, i.e. obtaining results leading to the same conclusion, with potential non-significant statistical variability.
```
